[Music]
where a single choice can branch out
into infinite realities
thanos is coming
he's coming
journeyed into the quantum realm
searching for his long-lost wife but
janet van dyne contracted a quantum
virus that turned her into a zombie she
infects hank as well upon returning to
earth hank causes the zombie apocalypse
because once earth's mightiest heroes
join the infected
no one else stood a chance
two weeks later a group of survivors
including bruce banner hope van dyne
peter parker and others learns that
there is a potential cure at a camp
it's hawkeye
they lose hogan carter and hope to
zombie attacks on the way to the camp
where they meet vision
his mind stone can reverse the virus
exemplified by a cured scott lang's head
kept alive in a jar one last time but
the zombie wanda maximoff is immune to
the cure and vision has been feeding
pieces of chala to her
wanda maximoff breaks free and kills
kurt okoye and barnes
yes
vision destroys himself removing the
mind stone from his head
[Music]
bruce banner transforms into the hulk
and fights wanda maximal allowing the
others to make an escape to broadcast a
mind stones energy across the planet
peter scott lang and chala goes to
wakanda we're gonna save the world
in the end of the episode we see fonos
turned into a zombie wielding the
infinity gauntlet
[Music]